You will also need a few tools.
First, you'll need two
large mixing bowls.
We'll be using one to mix our
dry ingredients and the other
for wet ingredients.
Later, we will mix them
together into one bowl.
You will also need
baking sheets.
The size of your
baking sheets will
determine how many you need.
You'll need a small saucepan.
We'll use this to
melt the butter.
An electric mixer is optional.
But to get the best
possible cookie dough
mixture with the least
amount of physical effort,
I recommend using
an electric mixer.
Also optional is a flour sifter.
A flour sifter will help evenly
mix the flour and baking soda.
It does this by breaking up
the tiny clumps that can form
in the flour and baking soda.
Let's get to the steps.